BlazeandCave's Advancements Pack
Version 1.3

By BlazeandCave

Thank you for downloading this advancements pack by BlazeandCave.
If you liked or have any ideas for other advancements that could be added to this pack (or found any issues) feel free to comment.

Please use Minecraft release 1.12, 1.12.1 or 1.12.2 for this version.

Installing:
1) Unzip the compressed folder that you downloaded.

2) Copy BOTH the folders labeled "blazeandcave" and "minecraft" inside the "advancements" folder. Paste them into the following folder directory in the world you want to install them in: <World name>/data/advancements. 
Do NOT copy them into plain <world name>/advancements - that's the folder that contains player files, not the advancements themselves.

3) Go into the world. To make sure the advancements properly installed type in "/advancement grant @p only bla" then press tab to make sure the "bla" part autocompletes to blazeandcave. If it does, the advancements installed properly. Enjoy!

Installing reward functions:
1) Copy the folder "bc_rewards" inside the "functions" folder into: <World name>/data/functions.
This will install functions that will grant you with small rewards when you obtain some advancements. It is purely optional, if you don't want to get these extra rewards simply don't copy in the functions. The reward functions will also notify you when you unlock the root of a new tab.


Updating to newer versions:
The Advancements Pack will undoubtedly be updated to be fixed for later versions or to add more advancements or fix bugs. In order to update, simply delete the "blazeandcave" and "minecraft" folders from your world, then copy and paste the new folders in. Please note that when you re-enter your world some or all of the advancements you have already obtained you may need to obtain again.


What you may do with these advancements:
You may freely use them to play your worlds. This includes singleplayer worlds, LAN worlds with friends, or even public multiplayer servers. If you use our advancements on a public server please credit us in the server's description and leave a link to the Planet Minecraft page.

Do not re-upload our advancements and claim them as your own.

You may record a Youtube series where you use these advancements in your survival world. If you do, please credit us in the video or in the description, and leave a link to the Planet Minecraft page. And message us, too. We'd love to see you play with them.

And remember to pronounce our names right! Cavinator1 is cave-in-eight-or and MichaelMKenny is michael-em-kenny.


Troubleshooting:
We are aware of a number of issues involving installing advancements, particularly if you try to install them on servers. We are no experts on servers, but here are a few questions we've been asked and how they were solved:


The advancements screen has the message "There doesn't seem to be anything here...": (Older version)
This is because you haven't unlocked any yet. To test to make sure they installed, pick up any block and place it on the ground. If this unlocks the building tab (one of the custom tabs) then the custom advancements installed correctly.
Note that as of Pack version 1.3, the Building tab now unlocks automatically upon starting a new world, so this should not happen at all.


The custom advancements are plain not showing up:
If the above didn't work, any number of things could be happening to cause this to happen. Try restarting the server or using the /reload command.
If you're using a spigot server, the vanilla command /reload won't work, instead type in the server's console minecraft:reload (without the backslash).

Remember when placing the advancements into your world's folder, you have to paste the "blazeandcave" folder into the following folder directory: <World name>/data/advancements. 
Do NOT copy them into plain <world name>/advancements - that's the folder that contains player files, not the advancements themselves.
The reward functions "bc_rewards" go in: <World name>/data/functions


The server console is spammed by messages saying for example "Couldn't load advancement minecraft:story/iron_tools":
This is because all the vanilla advancements are forced to not appear, instead only our own advancements in our own tabs appear (which contain both original new advancements and advancements that look like the vanilla ones but are actually in new files). While this causes these errors to appear in the server log, it's nothing to worry about.


Rewards are not given:
If you are on a server and are positive you installed the rewards correctly, this would likely be occurring due to permissions as the reward functions execute the commands from the player who just got the advancement. Again, we're no experts on how to fix this
 so reward functions can be run from players without allowing them to use commands to cheat, but hopefully this helps.


If your question is not answered here or our advice doesn't work for you, you could try messaging us your problem, and we may be able to help you. Or try searching on Google for advice on how to fix these problems. Again, we are no experts on using advancements on servers, and chances are you'll get better help through that method.


How you may contribute to our pack:
Have any ideas for advancements you'd like to see in the pack? We're open to suggestions, so if you have any ideas, be sure to comment or send us a private message and we'll see if we can add it. Do note that not all suggestions may be possible to add.


List of advancements:
(We challenge you to get all 329 advancements. :) Or at least as many as you can.)

NB: Item rewards and experience rewards for non-challenge functions are not available if you do not install the rewards functions.


Building tab:
Your only limit is your imagination... and resources
You will get this advancement automatically upon entering a new world.

Getting Wood: (reward: 2 oak wood logs)
Attack a tree until a block of wood pops out.

Benchmarking:
Construct a crafting bench.

Your Door Was Locked:
Craft a door to stop monsters from entering your house.

Sweet Dreams:
Change your respawn point.

Change of Sheets:
Dye your bed a different color.

Ladder Climbers Inc.:
Climb the ladder!

It's a Trap!:
Craft and place down a trapdoor.

En Garde:
Erect some fencing.

The Walls: (reward: 8 cobblestone)
Put up some cobblestone walls.

Stationary Storage: (reward: 2 chests)
Craft and place a chest for storing your items.

It's a Sign:
Craft and place a sign.

A Masterpiece!:
Put up a painting.

Display your items for all to see...:
Craft an item frame for displaying your items.

Mannequin:
Craft and place an armor stand.

Raise the flag!
Craft a banner.

Torched: (reward: 8 torches)
Light up the area with some torches.

Halloween: (reward: 4 jack o lanterns)
Light up with jack o' lanterns!

Glowing: (reward: 4 glowstone blocks)
Light up the area with glowstone.

Electric: (reward: 4 redstone lamps)
Light up the area with redstone lamps!.

Expensive: (reward: 4 sea lanterns)
Light up the area with sea lanterns.

Fluorescent: (reward: 4 end rods)
Light up the area with end rods.

Pathways: (reward: 1 stone shovel)
Use a shovel to create a grass path.

Classy Glassy: (reward: 8 glass)
Smelt sand in a furnace to get glass.

What a pane: (reward: 8 glass)
Craft some glass panes.

Translucence: (goal) (reward: 32 glass)
Craft every color of stained glass.

Rainbow Sand:
Craft concrete powder using sand, gravel and dye.

Concrete Evidence:
Create concrete from concrete powder by dropping it into water.

The rainbow you always wanted: (goal) (reward: 32 sand and 32 gravel)
Craft every color of concrete.

Rock collection: (reward: 16 cobblestone)
Collect all the different types of stone.

Fake stronghold: (reward: 32 stone bricks)
Craft or obtain normal, cracked, mossy and chiseled stone bricks so you can build your own fake stronghold.

Jailhouse Block: (reward: 2 iron ingots)
Craft or find some iron bars.

Creepers and Withers:
Engrave sandstone with creeper and wither patterns.

Fake fortress: (reward: 64 nether brick items)
Craft or obtain all forms of nether brick, red nether brick, and nether wart blocks so you can build your own fake nether fortress.

Greek Art Decor: (reward: 32 quartz blocks)
Craft quartz stairs, slabs, blocks, pillars and chiseled.

Fake monument: (reward: 64 prismarine shards and 16 prismarine crystals)
Craft or obtain prismarine, prismarine bricks and dark prismarine so you can build your own fake ocean monument.

Yay! I got my wood!: (goal)
Collect all six types of wood.

Slabs for days: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Craft every type of slab.

Ah, my old enemy...: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Craft every type of stair.

Master Logger: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Cut down a full stack of logs of all types.

Clay-Dough:
Dig up some clay from a lake.

Bricks!: (reward: 8 brick blocks)
Fire up that clay!

Pot Planter:
Craft and place a flower pot.

The Terracotta Army: (goal) (reward: 32 terracotta)
Craft every color of terracotta (stained clay).

The Glazed Terracotta Army: (goal) (reward: 32 terracotta)
Craft every color of glazed terracotta.




Mining tab:
Dig underground, gather resources.
Get this by mining cobblestone.

Oh noes!:
Break your first tool.

Fossil Fuel: (reward: 4 coal)
Coal! As in dead dinosaurs!

Coal Miner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience, 8 coal)
Mine a stack of coal.

Getting an upgrade:
Construct a better pickaxe.

MOAR Tools: (reward: 12 cobblestone)
Craft a stone pickaxe, axe, shovel and hoe.

Acquire Hardware: (reward: 2 iron ingots)
Smelt an iron ingot.

Suit Up: (reward: 2 iron ingots)
Protect yourself with a piece of iron armor.

Iron Man: (goal) (reward: 3 iron ingots)
Craft a full suit of iron armor.

On a Rail: (reward: 16 rails)
Craft a minecart

Fuel Engine:
Craft a powered minecart.

Electric Rails: (reward: 6 powered rails)
Making furnace minecarts completely useless.

Iron Miner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience, 8 iron ore)
Mine a stack of iron ore.

Isn't It Iron Pick:
Upgrade your pickaxe.

Gold Rush: (reward: 2 gold ingots)
Smelt a gold ingot.

Gold Miner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience, 8 gold ore)
Mine a stack of gold ore.

Bling bling gone: (goal) (Reward: 50 experience)
Completely use up a golden pickaxe and then seriously reevaluate your life choices.

We've broken our last shovel: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Break all 5 types of shovels.

The wrong shade of blue: (reward: 8 lapis lazuli)
It's still useful for enchanting.

Lapis Lazuli Miner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience, 8 lapis lazuli blocks)
Mine enough lapis lazuli to craft a stack of lapis lazuli blocks.

Seeing Red: (reward: 4 redstone dust)
Mine some redstone from the deepest caves.

The way to the spawn: (reward: 2 iron ingots)
Craft a compass in case you forgot where spawn is.

What's the time, Mr Wolf?: (reward: 2 gold ingots)
Craft a clock using gold and redstone.

Redstone Miner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience, 8 redstone blocks)
Mine enough redstone to craft a stack of redstone blocks.

Diamonds: (reward: 1 diamond)
Obtain diamonds.

Cover Me With Diamonds: (reward: 2 diamonds)
Diamond armor saves lives.

Diamond Clad: (goal) (reward: 3 diamonds)
Craft a full suit of diamond armor.

Even MOAR tools: (reward: 2 diamonds)
Craft a full diamond tools set.

Enchanter: (reward: 50 experience and 3 lapis lazuli)
Craft an enchanting table.

Diamond Miner: (goal) (reward: 100 experience, 8 diamonds)
Mine a stack of diamonds. Good luck!

Mineral Collection (goal):
Craft every type of mineral block.
(i.e. Coal, Iron, Gold, Diamond, Emerald, Redstone, Lapis Lazuli and Quartz Blocks)

Hot Stuff:
Fill a bucket with lava.

Ice Bucket Challenge: (reward: 2 obsidian)
Form and mine a block of obsidian.

We Need to Go Deeper: (goal)
Build, light, and enter a nether portal.





Farming tab:
The world is full of friends and food
You will get this advancement by eating any food item.

Care for the environment: (reward: 2 oak saplings)
Plant a sapling.

Ecologist:
Obtain all six types of saplings.

Bapple!: (reward: 2 apples)
Crunch into an apple.

Mushroom, mushroom, mushroom, mushroom! (reward: 3 red mushrooms, 3 brown mushrooms)
Slurp some mushroom stew.

Ultra Hardcore: (reward: 2 golden apples)
Craft and eat a normal golden apple.

Hot Topic:
Craft a furnace for all your cooking needs.

Pork Chop: (reward: 2 cooked porkchops)
Cook and eat a pork chop.

When Pigs used to fly: (reward: 4 carrots)
Craft a carrot on a stick so you can ride a pig off a cliff.

So Good: (reward: 2 cooked chicken)
Cook and eat some chicken.

High Steaks: (reward: 2 cooked beef)
Cook and eat some steak.

Feeling Sheepish: (reward: 2 cooked mutton)
Cook and eat some mutton.

Renewable Energy: (reward: 4 charcoal)
Smelt wood trunks using charcoal to make more charcoal.

Rabbit Season: (reward: 2 cooked rabbit)
Cook and eat rabbit meat.

Getting Into a Stew:
Make some rabbit stew.

Have a Shearful Day:
Use two iron ingots to craft shears.

Trimming the treetops:
Use shears to obtain a leaf block.

Rainbow Collection: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience)
Gather all 16 colors of wool.

Cowboy:
Tame a horse by jumping on it over and over again.

Artificial Selection:
Breed a horse and a donkey to get a mule.

A Horse in Shining Armor:
Find diamond horse armor.

Blistering Barnacles:
Get spat at by a llama.

You lead, I'll follow:
Craft a lead for forming a llama caravan.

Cow Tipper: (reward: 2 leather)
Harvest some leather.

Repopulation: (reward: 2 wheat)
Breed two cows with wheat.

Overpopulation: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Breed every type of animal.
You have to breed: Cow, Pig, Sheep, Chicken, Rabbit, Wolf, Cat, Horse, Donkey, Mule, Mooshroom, Llama.

Delicious Fish: (reward: 2 raw fish)
Craft a fishing rod and use it to catch a fish.

Sushi:
Eat some raw fish.

Salmonella poisoning:
Eat some raw salmon... and not get poisoned after all.

Lion Tamer: (reward: 4 raw fish)
Tame an Ocelot.

Catching Nemo: (goal)
Catch a clownfish.

Sugar, Sugar: (reward: 4 sugar cane)
Harvest some sugar cane from a river or an ocean.

A Seedy Place:
Plant a seed and watch it grow.

Souperman: (reward: 3 beetroot)
Slurp some beetroot soup.

Chatterbox: (reward: 1 cookie)
Tame a Parrot using seeds. WARNING: Do not use a cookie!

Bake Bread: (reward: 2 bread)
Grow wheat and use it to bake bread.

Me Love Cookie:
Bake some cookies... and scoff them all yourself.

Serious Dedication: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Completely use up a diamond hoe, and then reevaluate your life choices.

Milk does your body good: (reward: 1 Milk Bucket)
Take a swig swig swig swig.

The Lie:
Wheat, sugar, milk and eggs!

The melon! The melon! The melon!: (reward: 5 melons)
Eat a melon.

Breaking the law of conservation of matter:
Craft 9 melon slices back into one block that will probably not give you all 9 slices back.

Naturally carved: (Reward: 3 pumpkins)
Harvest a pumpkin.

The Pie: (reward: 2 pumpkin pies)
Bake a pumpkin pie.

Do You Want To Build a Snowman?: (reward: 2 snow blocks and 1 pumpkin)
Use a pumpkin and snow blocks to build a snow golem.

Die, Potato!: (reward: 4 potatoes)
Eat a potato.

Not today!:
Eat a poisonous potato.

24 Carrot Gold: (reward: 2 golden carrots)
Craft and eat a golden carrot.

Vegetarian: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Eat every type of fruit, vegetables, and any sort of plant matter
Namely, Apple, Mushroom Stew, Golden Apple, Notch Apple, Melon, Carrot, Potato, Baked Potato, Poisonous Potato, Golden Carrot, Pumpkin Pie, Chorus Fruit, Beetroot, Beetroot Soup.

Meat Lovers: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Eat every type of meat, even if uncooked or rotten
Raw Porkchop, Cooked Porkchop, Raw Fish, Salmon, Clownfish, Pufferfish, Cooked Fish, Cooked Salmon, Raw Beef, Steak, Raw Chicken, Cooked Chicken, Rotten Flesh, Spider Eye, Rabbit, Cooked Rabbit, Rabbit Stew, Mutton, Cooked Mutton.

A Balanced Diet: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Eat everything that is edible, even if it's not good for you.
You have to eat the following foods: Apple, Mushroom Stew, Bread, Raw Porkchop, Cooked Porkchop, Golden Apple, Raw Fish, Cooked Fish, Cookie, Melon, Raw Beef, Cooked Beef, Raw Chicken, Cooked Chicken, Rotten Flesh, Spider Eye, Carrot, Potato, Baked Potato, Poisonous Potato, Golden Carrot, Pumpkin Pie, Raw Rabbit, Cooked Rabbit, Rabbit Stew, Raw Mutton, Cooked Mutton, Chorus Fruit, Beetroot, Beetroot Soup.



Combat tab:
Battle against the monsters of this world.
You will get this advancement by either killing or being killed by a mob.

Monster Hunter:
Kill any hostile monster.

Dead Don't Die: (reward: 3 rotten flesh)
Kill a zombie.

There has to be another way... (reward: 3 rotten flesh)
Kill a zombie villager.

Desert Nomad:
Kill a husk.

Iron Belly:
Stop starvation using rotten flesh.

Still Talking (challenge) (hidden) (reward: 1000 experience):
Blow up a zombie with a charged creeper to get a zombie head.

Spooky skeleton: (reward: 3 bones and 8 arrows)
Kill a skeleton.

Not Today, Thank You:
Deflect an arrow with a shield.

Leader of the Pack: (reward: 4 bones)
Befriend a wolf.

Frosty: (reward: 3 bones and 8 slowness arrows):
Kill a stray.

Take Aim: (reward: 8 arrows)
Shoot something with a bow and arrow.

Point Blank: (reward: 8 arrows)
Shoot a mob at point blank range.

Bow Spammer: (reward: 8 arrows)
Take out a mob by bow-spamming.

The Undead Cavalry: (goal) (reward: 16 arrows and a Power III enchanted book)
Encounter and defeat a skeleton horse during a thunderstorm.

Spooky skulls: (challenge) (hidden) (reward: 1000 experience)
Blow up a skeleton with a charged creeper to get a skeleton skull.

Sniper Duel: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience, 32 arrows and a Power III enchanted book)
Kill a skeleton with an arrow from more than 50 metres.
You can alternatively kill a stray instead. (Which you can't do in vanilla)

The Mighty Hunter: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience, Infinity Enchanted Book)
Hunt all types of animals with your bow
You need to hunt: Chicken, Cow, Pig, Sheep, Rabbit, Squid, Mooshroom, Polar Bear, Horse, Donkey, Mule, Llama, Wolf, Ocelot, Parrot.

Ew Ew Ew: (reward: 3 string)
Kill a spider.

Poisonous Ew: (reward: 3 string and 1 spider eye)
Kill a cave spider.

The Ghastly Eyes: (challenge) (reward: 1 golden carrot and 1 fermented spider eye and 50 experience)
Kill an invisible spider.

What a creep: (reward: 3 gunpowder)
Kill a creeper.

Keep your distance: (reward: 4 gunpowder)
Kill a Creeper with arrows.

Bombs Away!:
Use gunpowder and sand to craft TNT.

Fireworks Display:
Use gunpowder and paper to craft fireworks.

Blast shield: (reward: 8 gunpowder)
Survive a creeper's blast with your shield.

Creepy Heads! (challenge) (hidden) (reward: 1000 experience)
Blow up a creeper with a charged creeper to get a creeper head.

The ender of Ender: (reward: 1 ender pearl)
Kill an enderman.

Tele-morph: (reward: 2 ender pearls)
Damage a mob by teleporting into it.

Ender Worm: (reward: 1 ender pearl)
Prevent an Endermite from maturing.

Plane Walker: (challenge) (reward: 4 ender pearls and 50 experience)
Find and kill an enderman in all three dimensions.

Witch!
Kill a witch.

Taste of your own medicine: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience)
Kill a witch with a splash potion.

Gelatinous Cube: (reward: 3 slimeballs)
Kill a slime.

Trampoline:
Craft a slime block using slimeballs.

Termite Control:
Kill a silverfish.

Eskimo: (reward: 4 raw fish)
It may be illegal to hunt polar bears in real life, but not in Minecraft.

Egging, Dude!: (reward: 4 eggs)
Vandalise something with eggs.

Snowball fight!: (reward: 16 snowballs)
The spirit of Christmas... quickly drowned by a battle.

Night Runner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Defeat all kinds of Overworld night mobs
You need to kill: Creeper, Skeleton (overworld), Spider, Zombie, Zombie Villager, Enderman (overworld), Witch, Stray, Husk, Slime.

Hell Hunter: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Defeat all kinds of Nether mobs
You need to kill: Zombie Pigman, Ghast, Magma Cube, Blaze, Wither Skeleton, Skeleton (nether), Enderman (nether).

Void Ender: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Defeat all kinds of End mobs
You need to kill: Enderman (End), Endermite, Shulker, Ender Dragon.

Dungeon Crawler: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
Defeat all kinds of mobs from special structures
You need to kill: Silverfish, Cave Spider, Guardian, Elder Guardian, Vindicator, Evoker, Vex, Blaze, Wither Skeleton, Shulker.

Monsters Hunted: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Kill one of every kind of hostile monster.
The mobs that you have to kill for this advancement are: Cave Spider, Spider, Zombie Pigman, Enderman, Polar Bear, Blaze, Creeper, Evoker, Ghast, Guardian, Husk, Magma Cube, Shulker, Silverfish, Skeleton, Slime, Stray, Vindicator, Witch, Wither Skeleton, Zombie, Zombie Villager, Skeleton Horse, Vex, and Endermite.
Hint: Most of these are covered by other advancements.




Adventure tab:
Adventure and exploration.
You will get this advancement by either killing or being killed by a mob.

Tarzan:
Swing (or climb) on some vines.

Just Keep Swimming:
Go for a swim in water.

Boaty McBoatface:
Craft a boat for sailing on the high seas.

Flower Power: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience)
Collect all types of flowers.
You have to find: Dandelion, Poppy, Blue Orchid, Allium, Azure Bluet, Red Tulip, Orange Tulip, White Tulip, Pink Tulip, Oxeye Daisy, Sunflower, Lilac, Rose Bush, Peony.

I hereby dub thee...:
Obtain a name tag.

Music to My Ears: (goal)
Find a music disc.

Disc Jockey: (challenge) (reward: 250 experience)
Collect all 12 music discs.
You have to find: Cat, 13, Blocks, Chirp, Far, Mall, Mellohi, Stal, Strad, Ward, 11, Wait.

Overpowered: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience) (reward: 4 gold ingots)
Obtain a Notch Apple.

This is Mine Now:
Find an abandoned mineshaft that was not dug out by you.

Grave Robber:
Enter a pyramid in a desert.

Witchcraft:
Find a witch hut in a swamp.

Tomb Raider:
Enter a jungle temple.

Kilometre Walk: (goal) (reward: 50 experience)
It's not that far in real life.

Ten Thousand Blocks: (challenge) (reward: 250 experience)
A journey that long begins with a single step.

Voyage: (challenge) (hidden) (reward: 500 experience)
A hundred kilometres!

One with the forest: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Discover every forest biome.
You have to find: Forest, Forest Hills, Birch Forest, Birch Forest Hills, Roofed Forest, Plains.

Cold Feet: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Discover every cold biome.
You have to find: Taiga, Taiga Hills, Mega Taiga, Mega Taiga Hills, Extreme Hills, Extreme Hills +.

Warm Feet: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Discover every dry biome.
You have to find: Desert, Desert Hills, Savanna, Savanna Plateau, Mesa, Mesa Plateau, Mesa Plateau F.

Snow Feet: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Discover every snow biome.
You have to find: Ice Plains, Ice Mountains, Cold Taiga, Cold Taiga Hills, Frozen River, Cold Beach.

Wet Feet: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Discover every wet biome.
You have to find: Ocean, Deep Ocean, River, Beach, Stone Beach.

Overgrown: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Discover every overgrown biome.
You have to find: Swampland, Jungle, Jungle Hills, Jungle Edge, Mushroom Island, Mushroom Island Shore.

Adventuring Time: (challenge) (reward: 500 experience)
Discover every biome.
Every biome covered in the above biome group advancements are required to get this one.
You have to find: Birch Forest Hills, River, Swampland, Desert, Forest Hills, Mega Taiga Hills, Cold Taiga, Mesa, Forest, Stone Beach, Ice Plains, Taiga Hills, Ice Mountains, Mesa Plateau, Savanna, Plains, Frozen River, Mega Taiga, Cold Beach, Deep Ocean, Jungle Hills, Jungle Edge, Ocean, Mushroom Island Shore, Extreme Hills, Desert Hills, Jungle, Beach, Savanna Plateau, Cold Taiga Hills, Mesa Plateau F, Roofed Forest, Taiga, Birch Foret, Mushroom Island, Extreme Hills +.
There, a nice, completely random, jumbled, non-alphabetic list (I only wrote them in in the same order as the json file).

Do You Want to Trade?:
Find an NPC village.

What a Deal!: (reward: 2 emeralds)
Successfully trade with a villager.

Hired Help: (goal) (reward: 2 iron blocks)
Use four iron blocks and a pumpkin to summon an iron golem.

Filthy Rich: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience and 8 emeralds)
Make 64 emeralds.

Filthy Stinkin' Rich: (challenge) (reward: 250 experience and 4 emerald blocks)
Make 64 emerald blocks.

Magic Book:
Trade for an enchanted book.

Mapmaker:
Craft or trade an empty map.

Treasure Map:
Trade for an explorer map.

Monumental: (reward: 1 pufferfish)
Find an Ocean Monument.

Laser Sharks: (reward: 8 prismarine shards and 3 prismarine crystals)
Defeat a guardian.

Spear Fishing: (reward: 16 prismarine shards, 8 prismarine crystals)
Kill a Guardian with arrows.

The Deep End: (goal) (reward: 1 wet sponge)
Defeat an Elder Guardian.

Dry Spell:
Dry a sponge in a furnace.

House of Psychos: (reward: 4 emeralds)
Find a Woodland Mansion.

Heeere's Johnny: (reward: 2 emeralds)
Kill a Vindicator.

The Shielding: (reward: 3 emeralds)
A shield does no better than a locked door.

Ghostbuster: (reward: 2 emeralds)
Bust a Vex summoned by an Evoker.

Wololo: (reward: 4 emeralds)
Defeat an evoker.

Postmortal: (goal) (reward: 1 Totem of Undying)
Use a Totem of Undying to cheat death.




Redstone tab:
Cracking contraptions.
You will get this advancement at the same time as "Seeing Red" in the Mining tab.

Moving Parts:
Craft a piston so you can push things.

Sticky Parts: (reward: 3 slimeballs)
Craft a sticky piston so you can pull things.

Mozart:
Craft a note block.

Under Pressure:
Craft a pressure plate.
You can get this advancement by crafting either a wooden or stone pressure plate.

Pressure Detector:
Use a pressure plate to craft a detector rail.

Metal Plate:
Craft an iron weighted pressure plate.

Bling Plate:
Craft a golden weighted pressure plate.

Repeating Repeater:
Craft a redstone repeater for delaying signals.

Space Hopper:
Craft a hopper for item transportation.

Space Dropper:
Craft a dropper for item transportation.

Tripping Over:
Craft a tripwire hook for your traps.

Troll Chest:
Craft a trapped chest to troll your friends.

Dispense With This:
Construct a dispenser.

Quirky Quartz: (reward: 4 nether quartz)
Mine Nether Quartz.

Quartz Miner: (goal) (reward: 50 experience, 8 quartz blocks)
Mine enought nether quartz to craft a stack of nether quartz blocks.

Observer Buddy:
Craft an observer.

Solar Power:
Craft a daylight sensor.

Comparing Comparator:
Craft a redstone comparator.




Enchanting tab:
Enchant items to give them magical abilities.
You can get the "Enchanter" advancement in the Mining tab by crafting an enchanting table, however you won't actually unlock this tab until you enchant your first item.

Overkill: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience)
Deal eight hearts of damage in a single blow.

Librarian: (reward: 2 bookshelves)
Build some bookshelves for your enchanting table.

Bow down to me: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Power V.

Super Efficient: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Efficiency V.

Fortunate Son: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Fortune III.

Pick Like Silk: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience and 2 diamonds)
Use a Silk Touch enchanted pickaxe to obtain diamond ore as a block.

Needle Sharp: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Sharpness V.

Undead slayer: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Smite V.

Bane of one-shotting spiders: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Bane of Arthropods V.

Like a Cat: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain boots enchanted with feather falling.

Armor for the masses: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain all protection related enchantments.
(i.e. Protection, Fire Protection, Blast Protection, and Projectile Protection. The level you get does not matter)

Knocking your socks off: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain Knockback and Punch enchantments.

Scuba Gear: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain all water related enchantments.
(i.e. Respiration, Aqua Affinity and Depth Strider. The level you get does not matter)

Fiery: (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain every fire related enchantment.
(i.e. Fire Protection, Fire Aspect and Flame. The level you get does not matter)

Complete Enchanter: (challenge) (reward: 16 lapis lazuli and 100 experience)
Get every enchantment throughout your enchanting career.
(i.e. Protection, Fire Protection, Feather Falling, Blast Protection, Projectile Protection, Respiration, Aqua Affinity, Thorns, Depth Strider, Frost Walker, Curse of Binding, Sharpness, Smite, Bane of Arthropods, Knockback, Fire Aspect, Looting, Sweeping Edge, Efficiency, Silk Touch, Unbreaking, Fortune, Power, Punch, Flame, Infinity, Lure, Luck of the Sea, Mending, and Curse of Vanishing. The level you get does not matter.)

Master enchanter: (challenge) (reward: 32 lapis lazuli and 200 experience)
Get every enchantment at its max level throughout your enchanting career.
(i.e. Protection IV, Fire Protection IV, Feather Falling IV, Blast Protection IV, Projectile Protection IV, Respiration III, Aqua Affinity, Thorns III, Depth Strider III, Frost Walker II, Curse of Binding, Sharpness V, Smite V, Bane of Arthropods V, Knockback II, Fire Aspect II, Looting III, Sweeping Edge III, Efficiency V, Silk Touch, Unbreaking III, Fortune III, Power V, Punch II, Flame, Infinity, Lure III, Luck of the Sea III, Mending, and Curse of Vanishing.)

Old Cartoon Joke: (reward: 1 iron block)
Craft an anvil.

Curses! (goal) (reward: 12 lapis lazuli and 50 experience)
Obtain both types of curses.
(i.e. Curse of Binding and Curse of Vanishing)

Let It Go!: (goal)
Obtain boots enchanted with Frost Walker.

Unbreakable: (goal)
Obtain Mending on an item.

Master Knight: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Create a perfect sword.
The specific enchantments are: Sharpness V, Knockback II, Fire Aspect II, Looting III, Unbreaking III, Sweeping Edge III and Mending.

Master Miner: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Create a perfect pickaxe.
The specific enchantments are: Efficiency V, Unbreaking III, Mending, and either Fortune III or Silk Touch.

Master Armorer: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Create a perfect suit of armor.
The specific enchantments are:
Helmet: Protection IV, Unbreaking III, Mending, Aqua Affinity, and Respiration III.
Chestplate: Protection IV, Unbreaking III, Mending, and Thorns III.
Leggings: Protection IV, Unbreaking III, and Mending.
Boots: Protection IV, Unbreaking III, Mending, Feather Falling IV, and either Depth Strider III or Frost Walker II.

Master Sniper: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Create a perfect bow.
The specific enchantments are: Power V, Punch II, Flame, Unbreaking III, and either Infinity or Mending.

Master Fisher: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Create a perfect fishing rod.
The specific enchantments are: Lure III, Luck of the Sea III, Unbreaking III and Mending.




Nether tab:
Bring summer clothes.
You will get this advancement by physically entering the Nether.

The Tribal Snouts: (reward: 8 golden nuggets)
Kill a zombie pigman.

High Temperature Fluid Monster: (reward: 3 magma cream)
Kill a magma cube.

Quicksand: (reward: 8 soul sand)
You sink like quicksand, but move slow like mud.

Don't step on it!: (reward: 8 Magma blocks)
Mine some magma blocks.

Glows in the Dark: (reward: 8 spectral arrows)
Craft spectral arrows using glowstone dust.

Limbo Walker: (goal) (reward: 100 experience)
Get above the roof in the nether.

Subspace Bubble: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Use the Nether to travel 7km in the Overworld.

Giant Floating Jellyfish!: (reward: 1 ghast tear)
Shoot down a ghast.

Fire Blast Shield: (reward: 1 ghast tear)
Block the explosion of a Ghast's fireball.

Return to Sender: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience and 1 ghast tear)
Destroy a Ghast with its fireball.

Uneasy Alliance: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience and 4 ghast tears)
Rescue a Ghast from the Nether, bring it safely back home to the Overworld... and then kill it.

A Terrible Fortress:
Break your way into a Nether Fortress.

The hunt begins: (reward: 3 bones, 2 coal)
Kill a wither skeleton.

Spooky Scary Skeleton: (reward: 1 Looting II enchanted book)
Obtain a wither skeleton's skull.

Withering Heights: (goal) (reward: 1 wither skeleton skull)
Summon the wither.

Bring Home the Beacon: (goal)
Construct and place a beacon.

Beaconator: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Bring a beacon to full power.

Into Fire: (reward: 2 blaze rods)
Relieve a Blaze of its rod.

The Nether's Shield: (reward: 3 blaze rods)
Block some Blaze fireballs.

Ender's Chest: (reward: 1 eye of ender)
Craft an ender chest for some extra inventory space.

Local Brewery: (reward: 4 nether wart and 4 blaze powder)
Craft a brewing stand for brewing potions.

Eye Spy: (reward: 2 eyes of ender)
Follow an Ender Eye.
You will get this advancement if you throw an eye of ender while within 64 blocks of a stronghold.

The End?: (goal)
Enter the End Portal.





Potions tab:
Brewing potions with helpful and hindering effects
You will get this advancement when you brew any potion

Death By Magic: (reward: 4 gunpowder)
Kill a mob with a splash potion.

I need healing!: (reward: 3 glistering melons)
Brew a healing potion.

Hyper-healing: (reward: 2 ghast tears)
Brew and drink a regeneration potion.

Nocturnal: (reward: 3 golden carrots)
Brew and drink a night vision potion.

The Invisible Player:
Brew and drink an invisibility potion.

Performance-Enhancing Drugs: (reward: 4 sugar)
Brew a speed potion.

Super Strength: (reward: 4 blaze powder)
Brew a strength potion for cheating on weightlifting.

A Weak Brew:
Brew up a potion of weakness.

Zombie Doctor: (goal) (reward: 1 golden apple)
Cure a zombie villager.

Stayin' Frosty: (reward: 2 magma cream)
Drink a Fire Resistance potion so you can go swimming in lava.

Marine Marauder: (goal)
Catch a pufferfish and use it to brew a water breathing potion.

Hopping Mad: (reward: 1 rabbit's foot)
Get jump boost from a beacon or potion.

A Furious Cocktail: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Have every potion effect applied at the same time
You need to get the following potion effects: Speed, Slowness, Strength, Jump Boost, Regeneration, Fire Resistance, Water Breathing, Invisibility, Night Vision, Weakness and Poison. All at the same time. Start brewing!

A much more doable challenge: (challenge) (reward: 200 experience)
Get all the effects possible during your life (not all at the same time).
For the full list see "How Did We Get Here" below.

How Did We Get Here?: (challenge) (hidden) (reward: 1000 experience)
Have every effect applied at the same time
You need to get the following potion effects in addition to the ones from 'A Furious Cocktail': Wither, Haste, Mining Fatigue, Levitation, Glowing, Absorption, Hunger, Nausea and Resistance.
Again, all at the same time.



The End tab:
Or the beginning?
You will get this advancement by physically entering the End.

End Bricks:
Craft end bricks from end stone.

Dragon Shield: (reward: 8 dragon's breath)
Attempt to block the dragon's attacks.

You Need a Mint: (reward: 4 dragon's breath)
Collect dragon's breath in a glass bottle.

Noxious Fumes: (reward: 8 dragons breath)
Use dragon's breath to brew up lingering potions.

Poison Dart: (reward: 8 tipped arrows of poison)
Craft tipped arrows of poison.

Free the End:
Good luck.
You have to defeat the Ender Dragon.

The Next Generation: (goal)
Hold the Dragon Egg.

The start of something: (reward: 1 end crystal)
Craft an ender crystal.

The End... Again: (goal) (reward: 1 end crystal)
Respawn the Ender Dragon.

Cow jumped over the moon: (challenge) (reward: 100 experience)
Bring a cow from the overworld to the end then kill it.

Remote Getaway: (reward: 4 ender pearls)
Escape the island.

Getting Chorus: (reward: 8 chorus fruit and 1 chorus flower)
Attack a chorus tree until it collapses.

I'm coming back, Murph: (goal) (reward: 250 experience)
Travel far into the End dimension.

No! Don't let me leave, Murph!: (challenge) (hidden) (reward: 1000 experience)
Travel so far into the End dimension you might as well be on another planet.

The City at the End of the Game: (reward: 1 shulker shell)
Go on in, what could happen?
You have to enter an End City.

Off With His Head!:
Collect a dragon's head from the bow of an end ship.

Purpurfect:
Craft or collect purpur blocks, stairs, pillars and slabs.

For Mother, Clarence:
Kill a shulker.

Shouldn't my shield levitate too?: (reward: 3 shulker shells)
Block a Shulker's bullets with your shield.

Portable Storage: (reward: 2 shulker shells)
Use shulker shells to craft a shulker box.

Anti-Gravity Generator: (challenge) (reward: 6 shulker shells, 100 experience)
Bring a Shulker into the Overworld and let it give you anti-gravity.

Great View From Up Here: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience)
Levitate for at least 30 seconds.

Sky's the Limit: (goal)
Find an Elytra.

Some breakthrough: (challenge) (reward: 4 leather and 100 experience)
Exhaust your elytra.

Sky High: (goal) (reward: 1 Feather Falling III enchanted book)
Climb up to the world height limit.

Uh, Houston? We have a problem: (challenge) (reward: 50 experience, 32 fireworks, 1 Feather falling IV enchanted book, 1 Unbreaking III elytra)
Fly up to a ridiculous height.
